

This a model from the article:  
**Constancy and variability of contractile efficiency as a function of calcium and cross-bridge kinetics: simulation.**   
Yamaguchi H, Takaki M, Matsubara H, Yasuhara S, Suga H. _Am J Physiol_ 1996
Apr;270(4 Pt 2):H1501-8 [8967394](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8967394)
,  
**Abstract:**   
We simulated myocardial Ca2+ (Ca) and cross-bridge (CB) kinetics to get
insight into the experimentally observed constancy and variability of cardiac
contractile efficiency in generating total mechanical energy under various
inotropic and pathological conditions. The simulation consisted of a Ca
transient, Ca association and dissociation rate constants of troponin C, and
CB on and off rate constants. We evaluated sarcomere isometric twitch
contractions at a constant muscle length. We assumed that each CB cycle
hydrolyzes one ATP and that the force-length area (FLA) quantifies the total
mechanical energy generated by CB cycles in a twitch contraction. FLA is a
linear version of pressure-volume area, which quantifies the total mechanical
energy of cardiac twitch contraction and correlates linearly with cardiac
oxygen consumption (H. Suga, Physiol. Rev. 70: 247-277, 1990). The simulation
shows that the contractile efficiency varies with changes in the Ca transient
and Ca and CB kinetics except when they simultaneously speed up or slow down
proportionally. These results point to possible mechanisms underlying the
constancy and variability of cardiac contractile efficiency.

This model was taken from the [CellML
repository](http://www.cellml.org/models) and automatically converted to SBML.  
The original model was: [ **Yamaguchi H, Takaki M, Matsubara H, Yasuhara S,
Suga H. (1996) - version=1.0**
](http://models.cellml.org/exposure/d11e3a9251205b2c1fd0363df4088da0)  
The original CellML model was created by:  
**Geoffrey Nunns**   
gnunns1@jhu.edu  
The University of Auckland  

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

